so last night here's what I did I went
onto YouTube and I was on there for
hours looking for myself in Whitesnake
videos and I didn't see me because the
fog is so thick you can't hardly see me
in the background but you can find just
about anything on YouTube I'm sure you
know that and I just recently heard this
is staggering figure 35 hours of
material is uploaded to YouTube every
minute isn't that incredible in 34 hours
of it is cat videos I am stunned it's I
mean 35 hours of material every single
minute to give you an idea of how much
that is just to hold on to that that
crazy concept there's 24 hours in a day
right there's seven days in a week there
are 12 inches in a foot there 2.54
centimeters at an inch there's 16 ounces
in a pound there are 2,000 pounds in a
ton there's three feet in the yard
there's four quarts in a gallon my point
is it's a lot that's my point and I want
to know where does it go cuz there's
it's there's so much information and I
don't know where they keep the billions
of hours of video and is it in the ocean
I hope not cuz we put so many bad things
in the ocean I hope they're not putting
that there YouTube is really changing
everything people's lives are changing
careers are getting started
I discovered grace and chance because he
posted a video of himself on YouTube
so I'm a balloon guy and now he's got an
album coming out in the spring and a lot
of people post videos of themselves
singing that seems to be a very popular
thing here's a woman who wanted to share
her gift of song
beautiful yes sews like an angel the
voice of an angel and I'm sure y'all
heard this this I there's a homeless
radio announcer who got discovered
standing on the side of the road holding
a cardboard sign it got six and a half
million views on YouTube
this is him we make you work for your
dollar say something with that great
radio voice when you're listening to
nothing but the best of oldies you're
listening to magic nutty eight point
nine thank you so much god bless you
how about that
his life was changed overnight now he
has a home a job and a much bigger sign
you can literally find anything on
YouTube really you can like search for
any two random words and something will
come up I put in the words grandma and
fence and I found this
and then I didn't even think this would
work out what kitten and watermelon got
me this
and then I search for grandma and
watermelon and I shouldn't have done
that and there's also a lot of videos on
YouTube of people falling down I'm not
sure exactly how they get there I'm
guessing what happens is they think well
hey I'd like to learn how to pole dance
in my bedroom
and and then they think well hey I
should really film this and then they go
flying off their Pole and they think you
know who should see this everyone
yeah that's good